Added a description of expected interaction betweeN CSR client softwa… (#73)
lamps-wg/csr-attestation: draft-ietf-lamps-csr-attestation.md

# Information Model

## Interaction with an HSM

This specification is intended to be used both in cases where the CSR
is constructed internally or externally to the attesting environment.

Cases where the CSR is generated internally to the attesting environment
are straightforward: the generates and embeds Evidence and the corresponding
certificate chains when constructing the CSR.

Externally-generated CSRs may require extra round-trips of communication
between the CSR generator and the attesting environment, first to obtain
the necessary evidence statements about the subject key, and then to use
the subject key to sign the CSR. For example, consider a CSR generated by

> OpenSSL about a subject key stored on a PKCS#11 device. The interaction would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a popular crypto library about a subject key stored on a PKCS#11 device. The interaction would
```

Reviewer: What reference would you use for PKCS#11?
This one?

   [PKCS11]   RSA Laboratories, "PKCS #11 v2.20: Cryptographic Token
              Interface Standard", Public Key Cryptography Standards
              PKCS#11-v2.20, June 2004.

Author: Ugg, yeah, I guess I need to cite PKCS#11. How's this?

  PKCS11:
    author:
      org: OASIS
    title: "PKCS #11 Cryptographic Token Interface Base Specification Version 2.40"
    date: 14 April 2015
    target: http://docs.oasis-open.org/pkcs11/pkcs11-base/v2.40/os/pkcs11-base-v2.40-os.html
